#labels Featured

== !BootUnlocker for Nexus Devices -- Unlock your bootloader without fastboot. ==


This application *REQUIRES* a Galaxy Nexus (_maguro_, _toro_ or _toroplus_), Nexus 4 (_mako_), Nexus 5 (_hammerhead_), Nexus 7 2013 (_deb_ or _flo_), or Nexus 10 (_manta_), with root.

--------

_!BootUnlocker for Nexus Devices_ avoids using `fastboot oem unlock`, with its associated
`userdata` wipe by writing directly to the `param`  (or `misc`, or `aboot`) partition of your device's internal storage.
On the Galaxy Nexus, the bootloader stores the lock status at position `0x000007C`
(124 decimal) of this partition: fastboot updates this when locking and unlocking the bootloader.
On the Nexus 10, the bootloader uses position `0x0000224` (548 decimal).
On the Nexus 4 and Nexus 5, the bootloader uses position `0x0004010` (16400 decimal) of the `misc` parition.
On the Nexus 7 2013 the bootloader uses position `0x04FFC00` (5241856 decimal) of the `aboot` parition.
   
_!BootUnlocker_ uses root privileges to write to the appropriate location directly, bypassing fastboot.
This allows you to lock and unlock your bootloader from within
Android, without wiping your `userdata` partition.


The technique used was discovered through the efforts of several contributors on
[http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1650830&page=13 an XDA thread].
Special thanks go to those who posted raw images of their `param` partitions for
analysis (
[http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=316838 Archpope],
[http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=3682533 AdamOutler],
[http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=1566190 efrant], 
[http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=2716223 NCguy], 
[http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=2950618 Raftysworld],
and others
), as well as to the beta testers of this application (
[http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=1566190 efrant], 
[http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=4621394 Mach3.2],
[http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=2740566 Meep70],
and others
). This application could not have been written without their contributions.

For more details and discussion about _!BootUnlocker for Nexus Devices_, follow this project
on Google Code, or subscribe the application's XDA thread: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=27878074
