#labels Featured
== !BootUnlocker for Nexus Devices -- Unlock your bootloader without fastboot. ==

This application *REQUIRES* a Galaxy Nexus (_maguro_, _toro_ or _toroplus_), Nexus 4 (_mako_),
Nexus 5 (_hammerhead_), Nexus 7 2013 (_deb_ or _flo_), Nexus 10 (_manta_),
!OnePlus One (_bacon_ / _A0001_), !OnePlus 2 (_OnePlus2_),
or !OnePlus X (_OnePlus_ / _ONE_ / _E1001_), with root.

--------

You've rooted your device,
and you are trying to decide between the security of relocking
your bootloader (with stock recovery and USB Debugging off), and the flexibility
of leaving it unlocked.

You know that in order to prevent an unauthorized user from accessing your data by
flashing a custom recovery, `fastboot oem unlock` wipes your data.
This also means that if you relock your bootloader, you will need to do a full
backup-and-restore whenever you decide to unlock it again.

_!BootUnlocker for Nexus Devices_ lets you have the best of both worlds by using root
privileges to unlock your bootloader from within Android, without wiping your data.
This allows you to keep your bootloader locked for security, with this application
safely protected behind your lockscreen password.  Whenever you want to unlock or
relock your bootloader, just unlock your screen and run _!BootUnlocker_. 



--------

==== License ====

_!BootUnlocker for Nexus Devices_ is Open Source Software, licensed under the
[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html Apache License, Version 2.0].
You can redistribute, reuse, or modify this software as permitted under this license.

Source code is available on [https://github.com/segv11/boot-unlocker/ GitHub],
along current and previous versions of the complied application.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

==== Links ====

    * Change Log: [ChangeLog]

    * Learn how _!BootUnlocker for Nexus Devices_ works: [HowItWorks]

    * Source Code: https://github.com/segv11/boot-unlocker

    * XDA Developers: http://bit.ly/BootUnlocker


==== Downloads ====

    * Download application from Google Play: http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.segv11.bootunlocker
  
    * Download application from Google Drive: https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B6qHcVHPO4VrbVZBX1oyT0FCX00&usp=sharing#list

==== Support ====

	* Open an [https://github.com/segv11/boot-unlocker/issues Issue] on GitHub

	* Leave a comment on [http://bit.ly/BootUnlocker the XDA Thread]

	* Email [mailto://support@segv11.net support@segv11.net]

