#labels Featured
== !BootUnlocker for Galaxy Nexus -- Unlock your bootloader without fastboot. ==

This application *REQUIRES* a Galaxy Nexus (_maguro_ or _toro_) with root.

--------

You've rooted your Galaxy Nexus, and you are trying to decide between the security of relocking
your bootloader (with stock recovery and USB Debugging off), and the flexibility
of leaving it unlocked.

You know that in order to prevent an unauthorized user from accessing your data by
flashing a custom recovery, `fastboot oem unlock` wipes your data.
This also means that if you relock your bootloader, you will need to do a full
backup-and-restore whenever you decide to unlock it again.

_!BootUnlocker for Galaxy Nexus_ lets you have the best of both worlds by using root
privileges to unlock your bootloader from within Android, without wiping your data.
This allows you to keep your bootloader locked for security, with this application
safely protected behind your lockscreen password.  Whenever you want to unlock or
relock your bootloader, just unlock your screen and run _!BootUnlocker_. 

--------

==== License ====

_!BootUnlocker for Galaxy Nexus_ is Open Source Software, licensed under the
[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html Apache License, Version 2.0].
You can redistribute, reuse, or modify this software as permitted under this license.

Source code is available on [https://code.google.com/p/boot-unlocker-gnex/ Google Code],
along current and previous versions of the complied application.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

==== Links ====

    * Change Log: [ChangeLog]

    * Known Issues: [KnownIssues]

    * Learn how _!BootUnlocker for Galaxy Nexus_ works: [HowItWorks]

    * Source Code: http://code.google.com/p/boot-unlocker-gnex/source/browse/net.segv11.bootunlocker

    * XDA Developers: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=27878074


==== Downloads ====

    * Download application from Google Play: http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.segv11.bootunlocker
  
    * Download application from Google Code: http://code.google.com/p/boot-unlocker-gnex/downloads

==== Support ====

	* Open an [http://code.google.com/p/boot-unlocker-gnex/issues Issue] on Google Code

	* Leave a comment on [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=27878074 the XDA Thread]

	* Email [mailto://support@segv11.net support@segv11.net]


(If you have a _toroplus_ (Sprint Galaxy Nexus) and would like to help me make this app available for your device, please contact me for support.)